
    "1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?"
  
    "ans.overall function allow you to break your program into smaller, more mangeable pieces.Each function perform specific task, making the code easier to
    "understand.once you've written a function to perform a certain task, you can reuse it multiple times throughout your program or even in other program.
    "function allow you to the hide the details of how a particular task is perform."

    "2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?"

    "ans2 The code with in a function runs when function is called.specifying a function typically involves declaring its name,
    "parameters and possibly its name, parameters and possibly return type, but it doesn't execute the code within the function."

    "3. What statement creates a function?"
 
    "In python, a function is created using a def keyword followed by the function name and aprentheses, optionally followed by 
    "parameters and a colon. For example
    "def my_function(parameter1,parameter2):
    "    return(f"my name is pradeep)
 
    "4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?"
 
    "ans4.so, main difference is that a functions is defined block of code, while a function call is the act of invoking that code is executes."
 
  
    "5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?"

    "However,typically in a python program,there is one global scope and multiple local scope, Which are created whenever a function and class is defined."
  
    "6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?"
 
    "ans. its simply return the output that is stored in local variables."
 
    "7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?"
 
    "ans.def my_function(x):
    "  return 5 * x
    
    "print(my_function(3))
    "print(my_function(5))
    "print(my_function(9))
    " yes, it,s absolutely possible for a return value to be anexpression.

    "8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?"
  
    "def my_function(a):
    "   print(my_function(3))    
   
 
    "If a function in python does not a return statement, it implicitly return none."
  
    "9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?"
 
    "ans. we amke a function variable to the global variable with the help global keyword."
   

    "10. What is the data type of None?"
    
    "ans. The data type of none is Nonetype."
  
    "11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?"
  
    "The sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic in Python attempts to import a module named “areallyourpetsnamederic”. If such a module exists, Python\n",
    "will import it and make its contents available for use in the current Python script or session."
 
    "12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?"
  
    "ans. import spam
    "spam.bacon()
  
    "13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?"
 
    "    # For example:
    "    result = 10 / 0  his will raise a ZeroDivisionError
    "except Exception as 
    "    # Handle the error gracefully
    "    print(An error occurred:
    "    # You can also choose to log the error, notify the user, or take other appropriate actions"
   
    "14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?"
  
    "The try clause is used to test a block of code for errors12345. If an error occurs, the code inside the try block stops executing and jumps \n",
    "to the except block. The except clause is used to handle the error12345. The code inside the except block is executed when an error occurs \n",
    "in the try block. "
 
 
